1.Which of the following statements is true about Jenkins?
ans: it is an automation tool written in java which can automatically build, test and deploy your code.
2.What can be achieved with Jenkins?
ans: Continuous integration
3.Which of the following is the function of a slave machine within the Jenkins cluster?
execute the buid jobs assigned by the master node
4.Jenkins supports distributed builds.
true
5.What are the benefits of using Jenkins.
ans:
opensource tool with great community support
a vast ecosystem of extensions and plugins
robust and scalable
all of the above


1.Which of the following statements is correct about Jenkins?
Correct answer. Jenkins is a powerful tool suitable for implement continuous integration and continuous delivery practices in software projects
2.Which of the following build steps is suitable to execute a command line command on a Linux node within the Jenkins cluster?
Correct answer. The Execute shell command is used to execute shell commands a Linux node within the Jenkins cluster
3.What is the core functionality provided by the “Dashboard View” plugin for Jenkins?
Correct answer. The Dashboard View plugin adds a new view implementation that provides a dashboard / portal-like view for Jenkins
4.Before installing Jenkins, you need to make sure that appropriate version of Java is installed on your Jenkins node
true
5.Which of the following options enables you to manage what time and how often a build is triggered by Jenkins?
Correct answer. The Poll SCM option enables you to manage what time and how often a build will be created in Jenkins


gradle, jenkins and arti:
1.What is BitBucket?
Correct answer. BitBucket is a remote and free service for source code management
2.While connecting Jenkins with GitLab, you do not need any special plugins, all you need is your HTTPS link. Is it true?
Correct answer. While connecting Jenkins with GitLab, you need to add a special plugin for GitLab
3.Which component is a Gradle-provided mechanism to "embed" the use of a specific Gradle version into a build, installing it if necessary?
Correct answer. Gradle Wrapper allows Jenkins to "embed" the use of a specific Gradle version into a build, installing it if necessary
4.Which of the following statement is true about a .war file?
Correct answer. a .WAR file is an Web Application archive and contains JSPs, "normal" HTTP served files (HTML, images, etc.), servlets, tag libraries
5.You should ensure that the Gradle build file is located in the root of your code
Correct answer. The Gradle build file must be located in the root of your code


maven,jenkins:
1.What build step is the in-built mechanism Jenkins provides for build Maven projects?
invoke top level maven projects
Correct answer. This option is the in-built standard option available in Jenkins to build Maven projects
2.What is the name of the build definition file for Maven?
Correct answer. Maven build definition is called POM.xml
3."Post-build action" is a Jenkins feature that can be used to chain or serialize build jobs.
Correct answer. "Post-build action" is a Jenkins feature that can be used to chain or serialize build jobs
4.Maven build artifacts cannot be published to Artifactory (true or false) -- false
Correct answer. Maven, Jenkins and Artifactory can work very well together with the help of some Jenkins plugins
5.Artifactory is a web application built on top of Apache Tomcat.
Correct answer. Artifactory is a web application built on top of Apache Tomcat

cicd for database, jenkins:
1.Schema versioning, source control management and migration is a built in feature of most relational databases.
Correct answer. These features are not part of most relational database products
2.Sqitch cannot be integrated with Jenkins
Correct answer. Sqitch can be integrated with Jenkins using shell commands
3.Sqitch cannot verify whether the database changes were applied correctly to the target database or not.
Correct answer. Sqitch has a built in mechanism for verification of schema changes (although we have to supply the verification scripts to Sqitch)


operational consideration for jenkins:
1.Anna is an administrator of a large organization having more than 500 employees and a complex network infrastructure. While defining security in Jenkins, which option would you recommend her for configuring TCP/IP connections between Jenkins master and slave nodes?
Correct answer. Fixed port is the recommended option for configuring TCP/IP connections between Jenkins master and slave nodes in large and complex network infrastructure
2.Which security feature is no longer supported by the latest version of Jenkins?
Correct answer. The Delegate to servlet container option is deprecated and no longer supported by the latest version of Jenkins
3.The Unix user group database option enables you to store information about your security rules and users within the Linux or Unix user datastore.
Correct answer. The Unix user group database option enables you to store information about your security rules and users within the Linux or Unix user datastore
4.Which of the following guidelines you should follow while configuring master and slave connections in Jenkins?
Correct. You should not run jobs on master and you should always plan your slave nodes for high usage. Moreover your master node should be deployed in a robust hardware or virtual machine
